README_appendix.md, before:

# (APPENDIX) Appendix {-}

# Index and Code Links

## Savings Dynamic Programming links

1. [Looped Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html)
	+ Common grid looped solution
	+ Slow, but easy to modify, useful for developing new models
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_loop.m)*
2. [Vectorized Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html)
	+ Common grid vectorized solution
	+ Fast, sufficiently approximate value(a,z), but c(a,z) not precise
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_vec.m)*
3. [Looped Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html)
	+ Exact choice looped solution
	+ Slow, but high precision at low grid size (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m)*
4. [Vectorized Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html)
	+ Exact choice vectorized solution
	+ Fast, approximates choices with higher precision (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem.  The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m)*

## Summarize Policy and Value links

1. [Summarize ND Array Policy and Value Functions](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/fx_summ_nd_array.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html)
	+ Given an NDarray matrix with N1, N2, ..., ND dimensions. Generate average and standard deviation for the 3rd dimension, grouping by the other dimensions.
	+ For example, show the 5th dimension as the column groups, and the other variables generate combinations shown as rows.
	+ The resulting summary statistics table contains mean and standard deviation among other statistics over the policy or value contained in the ND array.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_summ_nd_array()*

## Distributional Analysis links

1. [Gateway Joint Probability Mass Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_simu_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), and information y(s), x(s), z(s) at each element of the state-space, compute statistics for each variable, y, x, z, which are all discrete random variables.
	+ Compute their correlation and covariance.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_simu_stats()*
2. [Discrete Random Variable Distributional Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html)
	+ Model simulation generates discrete random variables, calculate mean, standard deviation, min, max, percentiles, and proportion of outcomes held by x percentiles, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_stats()*
3. [Generate Discrete Random Variable](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html)
	+ Given mass at state space points, and y, c, a, z and other outcomes or other information at each corresponding state space points, generate discrete random variable, with unique sorted values, and mass for each unique sorted values.
	+ Generate additional joint distributions: if initial distribution is over f(a,z), generate joint distribution of f(y,a) or f(y,z).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes()*
4. [Discrete Random Variable Correlation and Covariance](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), X(s), and Y(s), compute the covariance and correlation betwen X and Y.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor()*

## Graphs links

1. [Multiple Line Graph Function](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/fx_graph_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html)
	+ Grid based Graph, x-axis one param, color another param, over outcomes.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_graph_grid()*

## Data Structures links

1. [Log and Power Spaced Asset and Choice Grids](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/fx_saveborr_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html)
	+ Generate linear, log-space, power-space, or threshold-cut asset or choice grids.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_saveborr_grid()*

## Common Functions links

1. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Tauchen (1986)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_tauchen.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Tauchen (1986).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_tauchen()*
2. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Rouwenhorst (1995)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_rouwenhorst.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Rouwenhorst (1995).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_rouwenhorst()*

## Support Tools links

1. [Organizes and Prints Container Map Key and Values](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/fx_container_map_display.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html)
	+ Summarizes the contents of a map container by data types. Includes, scalar, array, matrix, string, functions, tensors (3-tuples), tesseracts (4-tuples).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_container_map_display()*

Commit message:

Bisection and Multisection Examples and Debugged

README_appendix.md, after:

# (APPENDIX) Appendix {-}

# Index and Code Links

## Savings Dynamic Programming links

1. [Looped Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html)
	+ Common grid looped solution
	+ Slow, but easy to modify, useful for developing new models
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_loop.m)*
2. [Vectorized Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html)
	+ Common grid vectorized solution
	+ Fast, sufficiently approximate value(a,z), but c(a,z) not precise
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_vec.m)*
3. [Looped Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html)
	+ Exact choice looped solution
	+ Slow, but high precision at low grid size (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m)*
4. [Vectorized Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html)
	+ Exact choice vectorized solution
	+ Fast, approximates choices with higher precision (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem.  The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m)*

## Summarize Policy and Value links

1. [Summarize ND Array Policy and Value Functions](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/fx_summ_nd_array.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html)
	+ Given an NDarray matrix with N1, N2, ..., ND dimensions. Generate average and standard deviation for the 3rd dimension, grouping by the other dimensions.
	+ For example, show the 5th dimension as the column groups, and the other variables generate combinations shown as rows.
	+ The resulting summary statistics table contains mean and standard deviation among other statistics over the policy or value contained in the ND array.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_summ_nd_array()*

## Distributional Analysis links

1. [Gateway Joint Probability Mass Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_simu_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), and information y(s), x(s), z(s) at each element of the state-space, compute statistics for each variable, y, x, z, which are all discrete random variables.
	+ Compute their correlation and covariance.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_simu_stats()*
2. [Discrete Random Variable Distributional Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html)
	+ Model simulation generates discrete random variables, calculate mean, standard deviation, min, max, percentiles, and proportion of outcomes held by x percentiles, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_stats()*
3. [Generate Discrete Random Variable](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html)
	+ Given mass at state space points, and y, c, a, z and other outcomes or other information at each corresponding state space points, generate discrete random variable, with unique sorted values, and mass for each unique sorted values.
	+ Generate additional joint distributions: if initial distribution is over f(a,z), generate joint distribution of f(y,a) or f(y,z).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes()*
4. [Discrete Random Variable Correlation and Covariance](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), X(s), and Y(s), compute the covariance and correlation betwen X and Y.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor()*

## Optimizers links

1. [Bisection Exact Optimal Savings Share Multiple States](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.html)
	+ Given a First Order Condition function handle that takes the fraction of resources (cash-on-hand) saved as the input, solve for the optimal savings fraction via bisection. Solve this concurrently for many elements of the state-space. The function handle contains value function, other parameters, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_optim_bisec_savezrone()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/optim/ff_optim_bisec_savezrone.m)*
2. [Multisection Exact Optimal Savings Share Multiple States](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.html)
	+ Given a First Order Condition function handle that takes the fraction of resources (cash-on-hand) saved as the input, solve for the optimal savings fraction via multisection where there are multiple evaluations per iteration of the FOC. Solve this concurrently for many elements of the state-space. The function handle contains value function, other parameters, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_optim_mlsec_savezrone()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/optim/ff_optim_mlsec_savezrone.m)*

## Graphs links

1. [Multiple Line Graph Function](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/fx_graph_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html)
	+ Grid based Graph, x-axis one param, color another param, over outcomes.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_graph_grid()*

## Support Tools links

1. [Organizes and Prints Container Map Key and Values](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/fx_container_map_display.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html)
	+ Summarizes the contents of a map container by data types. Includes, scalar, array, matrix, string, functions, tensors (3-tuples), tesseracts (4-tuples).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_container_map_display()*

## Data Structures links

1. [Log and Power Spaced Asset and Choice Grids](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/fx_saveborr_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html)
	+ Generate linear, log-space, power-space, or threshold-cut asset or choice grids.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_saveborr_grid()*

## Common Functions links

1. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Tauchen (1986)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_tauchen.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Tauchen (1986).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_tauchen()*
2. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Rouwenhorst (1995)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_rouwenhorst.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Rouwenhorst (1995).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_rouwenhorst()*
