README.md, before:

[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/fanwangecon/MEconTools.svg)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools)  [![Star](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/stargazers) [![Fork](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/network/members) [![Star](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/watchers)

This is a work-in-progress Matlab package consisting of functions that facilitate Dynamic Programming and Related Tasks. Materials gathered from various [projects](https://fanwangecon.github.io/research) in which Matlab code is used. Some of the solutions/algorithms are research outputs developed for specific research [papers](https://fanwangecon.github.io/research), other algorithms and methods are commonly-used. Files are the [MEconTools](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools) repository. Matlab files are linked below by section with livescript files. Tested with [Matlab](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html) 2019a.

> Download and install the Matlab toolbox: [MEconTools.mltbx](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools.mltbx),
> Toolbox Vignette Manual: [**bookdown site**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/bookdown) and [**bookdown pdf**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/bookdown/Matlab-Toolbox-Heterogeneous-Agents-Dynamic-Programming.pdf).

Bullet points below show vignette files for functions that are available from [MEconTools](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools). Each Vignette file contains various examples for invoking each function. The goal of this repository is to make it easier to find/re-use codes produced for various projects. The vignette files are also collected in the bookdown file:

From other repositories: For dynamic borrowing and savings problems, see [Dynamic Asset Repository](https://fanwangecon.github.io/CodeDynaAsset/); For code examples, see also [R Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/R4Econ/), [Matlab Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/M4Econ/), and [Stata Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Stata4Econ/); For intro stat with R, see [Intro Statistics for Undergraduates](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Stat4Econ/), and intro Math with Matlab, see [Intro Mathematics for Economists](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Math4Econ/). See [here](https://github.com/FanWangEcon) for all of [Fan](https://fanwangecon.github.io/)'s public repositories.

Please contact [FanWangEcon](https://fanwangecon.github.io/) for issues or problems.

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/commits/master) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/graphs/commit-activity) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/issues) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/pulls)

# Installation

In addition to downloading and installing [MEconTools.mltbx](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools.mltbx), can also:

```
# Clone Package from Git Bash
cd "C:/Downloads"
git clone https://github.com/fanwangecon/MEconTools.git
```

Install the Package from inside Matlab:

```
# Install Matlab Toolbox MEconTools
toolboxFile = 'C:/Downloads/MEconTools/MEconTools.mltbx';
# toolboxFile = 'C:/Users/fan/MEconTools/MEconTools.mltbx';
agreeToLicense = true;
installedToolbox = matlab.addons.toolbox.installToolbox(toolboxFile, agreeToLicense)
```

# 1  Savings Dynamic Programming

1. [Looped Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html)
	+ Common grid looped solution
	+ Slow, but easy to modify, useful for developing new models
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_loop.m)*
2. [Vectorized Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html)
	+ Common grid vectorized solution
	+ Fast, sufficiently approximate value(a,z), but c(a,z) not precise
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_vec.m)*
3. [Looped Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html)
	+ Exact choice looped solution
	+ Slow, but high precision at low grid size (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m)*
4. [Vectorized Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html)
	+ Exact choice vectorized solution
	+ Fast, approximates choices with higher precision (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem.  The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m)*

# 2  Summarize Policy and Value

1. [Summarize ND Array Policy and Value Functions](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/fx_summ_nd_array.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html)
	+ Given an NDarray matrix with N1, N2, ..., ND dimensions. Generate average and standard deviation for the 3rd dimension, grouping by the other dimensions.
	+ For example, show the 5th dimension as the column groups, and the other variables generate combinations shown as rows.
	+ The resulting summary statistics table contains mean and standard deviation among other statistics over the policy or value contained in the ND array.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_summ_nd_array()*

# 3  Distributional Analysis

1. [Gateway Joint Probability Mass Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_simu_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), and information y(s), x(s), z(s) at each element of the state-space, compute statistics for each variable, y, x, z, which are all discrete random variables.
	+ Compute their correlation and covariance.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_simu_stats()*
2. [Discrete Random Variable Distributional Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html)
	+ Model simulation generates discrete random variables, calculate mean, standard deviation, min, max, percentiles, and proportion of outcomes held by x percentiles, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_stats()*
3. [Generate Discrete Random Variable](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html)
	+ Given mass at state space points, and y, c, a, z and other outcomes or other information at each corresponding state space points, generate discrete random variable, with unique sorted values, and mass for each unique sorted values.
	+ Generate additional joint distributions: if initial distribution is over f(a,z), generate joint distribution of f(y,a) or f(y,z).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes()*
4. [Discrete Random Variable Correlation and Covariance](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), X(s), and Y(s), compute the covariance and correlation betwen X and Y.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor()*

# 4  Graphs

1. [Multiple Line Graph Function](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/fx_graph_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html)
	+ Grid based Graph, x-axis one param, color another param, over outcomes.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_graph_grid()*

# 5  Data Structures

1. [Log and Power Spaced Asset and Choice Grids](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/fx_saveborr_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html)
	+ Generate linear, log-space, power-space, or threshold-cut asset or choice grids.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_saveborr_grid()*

# 6  Common Functions

1. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Tauchen (1986)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_tauchen.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Tauchen (1986).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_tauchen()*
2. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Rouwenhorst (1995)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_rouwenhorst.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Rouwenhorst (1995).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_rouwenhorst()*

# 7  Support Tools

1. [Organizes and Prints Container Map Key and Values](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/fx_container_map_display.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html)
	+ Summarizes the contents of a map container by data types. Includes, scalar, array, matrix, string, functions, tensors (3-tuples), tesseracts (4-tuples).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_container_map_display()*

----
Please contact [![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/fanwangecon?label=FanWangEcon&style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon) [![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/fanwangecon?label=%20&style=social)](https://twitter.com/fanwangecon) for issues or problems.

![RepoSize](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![CodeSize](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fanwangecon/MEconTools/total)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fanwangecon/MEconTools)

Commit message:

Bisection and Multisection Examples and Debugged

README.md, after:

[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/fanwangecon/MEconTools.svg)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools)  [![Star](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/stargazers) [![Fork](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/network/members) [![Star](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/fanwangecon/MEconTools?style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/watchers)

This is a work-in-progress Matlab package consisting of functions that facilitate Dynamic Programming and Related Tasks. Materials gathered from various [projects](https://fanwangecon.github.io/research) in which Matlab code is used. Some of the solutions/algorithms are research outputs developed for specific research [papers](https://fanwangecon.github.io/research), other algorithms and methods are commonly-used. Files are the [MEconTools](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools) repository. Matlab files are linked below by section with livescript files. Tested with [Matlab](https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html) 2019a.

> Download and install the Matlab toolbox: [MEconTools.mltbx](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools.mltbx),
> Toolbox Vignette Manual: [**bookdown site**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/bookdown) and [**bookdown pdf**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/bookdown/Matlab-Toolbox-Heterogeneous-Agents-Dynamic-Programming.pdf).

Bullet points below show vignette files for functions that are available from [MEconTools](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools). Each Vignette file contains various examples for invoking each function. The goal of this repository is to make it easier to find/re-use codes produced for various projects. The vignette files are also collected in the bookdown file:

From other repositories: For dynamic borrowing and savings problems, see [Dynamic Asset Repository](https://fanwangecon.github.io/CodeDynaAsset/); For code examples, see also [R Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/R4Econ/), [Matlab Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/M4Econ/), and [Stata Example Code](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Stata4Econ/); For intro stat with R, see [Intro Statistics for Undergraduates](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Stat4Econ/), and intro Math with Matlab, see [Intro Mathematics for Economists](https://fanwangecon.github.io/Math4Econ/). See [here](https://github.com/FanWangEcon) for all of [Fan](https://fanwangecon.github.io/)'s public repositories.

Please contact [FanWangEcon](https://fanwangecon.github.io/) for issues or problems.

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/commits/master) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/graphs/commit-activity) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/issues) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/fanwangecon/MEconTools)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/pulls)

# Installation

In addition to downloading and installing [MEconTools.mltbx](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools.mltbx), can also:

```
# Clone Package from Git Bash
cd "C:/Downloads"
git clone https://github.com/fanwangecon/MEconTools.git
```

Install the Package from inside Matlab:

```
# Install Matlab Toolbox MEconTools
toolboxFile = 'C:/Downloads/MEconTools/MEconTools.mltbx';
# toolboxFile = 'C:/Users/fan/MEconTools/MEconTools.mltbx';
agreeToLicense = true;
installedToolbox = matlab.addons.toolbox.installToolbox(toolboxFile, agreeToLicense)
```

# 1  Savings Dynamic Programming

1. [Looped Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_loop.html)
	+ Common grid looped solution
	+ Slow, but easy to modify, useful for developing new models
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_loop.m)*
2. [Vectorized Grid Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_vec.html)
	+ Common grid vectorized solution
	+ Fast, sufficiently approximate value(a,z), but c(a,z) not precise
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space and choice-space share the same asset grid.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_vec.m)*
3. [Looped Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_loop.html)
	+ Exact choice looped solution
	+ Slow, but high precision at low grid size (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem. The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_loop.m)*
4. [Vectorized Exact Infinite Horizon Dynamic Savings Problem](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/vfi/htmlpdfm/fx_vfi_az_bisec_vec.html)
	+ Exact choice vectorized solution
	+ Fast, approximates choices with higher precision (given value grid, accurate up to 0.001525878 percent of individual-specific cash-on-hand)
	+ Given preferences, some AR(1) shock process, solve the infinite horizon household savings dynamic programming problem.  The state-space is on a grid. The choice space are continuous percentages of cash-on-hand.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/vfi/ff_vfi_az_bisec_vec.m)*

# 2  Summarize Policy and Value

1. [Summarize ND Array Policy and Value Functions](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/fx_summ_nd_array.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/summ/htmlpdfm/fx_summ_nd_array.html)
	+ Given an NDarray matrix with N1, N2, ..., ND dimensions. Generate average and standard deviation for the 3rd dimension, grouping by the other dimensions.
	+ For example, show the 5th dimension as the column groups, and the other variables generate combinations shown as rows.
	+ The resulting summary statistics table contains mean and standard deviation among other statistics over the policy or value contained in the ND array.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_summ_nd_array()*

# 3  Distributional Analysis

1. [Gateway Joint Probability Mass Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_simu_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_simu_stats.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), and information y(s), x(s), z(s) at each element of the state-space, compute statistics for each variable, y, x, z, which are all discrete random variables.
	+ Compute their correlation and covariance.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_simu_stats()*
2. [Discrete Random Variable Distributional Statistics](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_stats.html)
	+ Model simulation generates discrete random variables, calculate mean, standard deviation, min, max, percentiles, and proportion of outcomes held by x percentiles, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_stats()*
3. [Generate Discrete Random Variable](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes.html)
	+ Given mass at state space points, and y, c, a, z and other outcomes or other information at each corresponding state space points, generate discrete random variable, with unique sorted values, and mass for each unique sorted values.
	+ Generate additional joint distributions: if initial distribution is over f(a,z), generate joint distribution of f(y,a) or f(y,z).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2outcomes()*
4. [Discrete Random Variable Correlation and Covariance](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/stats/htmlpdfm/fx_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor.html)
	+ Given probability mass function f(s), X(s), and Y(s), compute the covariance and correlation betwen X and Y.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_disc_rand_var_mass2covcor()*

# 4  Optimizers

1. [Bisection Exact Optimal Savings Share Multiple States](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_bisec_savezrone.html)
	+ Given a First Order Condition function handle that takes the fraction of resources (cash-on-hand) saved as the input, solve for the optimal savings fraction via bisection. Solve this concurrently for many elements of the state-space. The function handle contains value function, other parameters, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_optim_bisec_savezrone()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/optim/ff_optim_bisec_savezrone.m)*
2. [Multisection Exact Optimal Savings Share Multiple States](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/optim/htmlpdfm/fx_optim_mlsec_savezrone.html)
	+ Given a First Order Condition function handle that takes the fraction of resources (cash-on-hand) saved as the input, solve for the optimal savings fraction via multisection where there are multiple evaluations per iteration of the FOC. Solve this concurrently for many elements of the state-space. The function handle contains value function, other parameters, etc.
	+ **MEconTools**: *[ff_optim_mlsec_savezrone()](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/optim/ff_optim_mlsec_savezrone.m)*

# 5  Graphs

1. [Multiple Line Graph Function](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/fx_graph_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/graph/htmlpdfm/fx_graph_grid.html)
	+ Grid based Graph, x-axis one param, color another param, over outcomes.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_graph_grid()*

# 6  Support Tools

1. [Organizes and Prints Container Map Key and Values](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/fx_container_map_display.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/tools/htmlpdfm/fx_container_map_display.html)
	+ Summarizes the contents of a map container by data types. Includes, scalar, array, matrix, string, functions, tensors (3-tuples), tesseracts (4-tuples).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_container_map_display()*

# 7  Data Structures

1. [Log and Power Spaced Asset and Choice Grids](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/fx_saveborr_grid.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/generate/htmlpdfm/fx_saveborr_grid.html)
	+ Generate linear, log-space, power-space, or threshold-cut asset or choice grids.
	+ **MEconTools**: *ff_saveborr_grid()*

# 8  Common Functions

1. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Tauchen (1986)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_tauchen.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_tauchen.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Tauchen (1986).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_tauchen()*
2. [Discretize AR1 Normal Shock Rouwenhorst (1995)](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html): [**mlx**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/fxy_rouwenhorst.mlx) \| [**m**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.m) \| [**pdf**](https://github.com/FanWangEcon/MEconTools/blob/master/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.pdf) \| [**html**](https://fanwangecon.github.io/MEconTools/MEconTools/doc/external/htmlpdfm/fxy_rouwenhorst.html)
	+ Mean zero AR(1) shock discretize following Rouwenhorst (1995).
	+ **MEconTools**: *ffy_rouwenhorst()*

----
Please contact [![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/fanwangecon?label=FanWangEcon&style=social)](https://github.com/FanWangEcon) [![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/fanwangecon?label=%20&style=social)](https://twitter.com/fanwangecon) for issues or problems.

![RepoSize](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![CodeSize](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fanwangecon/MEconTools/total)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fanwangecon/MEconTools)
